{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Could you tell where my head was at when you found me?\cb1 \
\cb3 Me and you went to hell and back just to find peace\cb1 \
\cb3 Man, I thought I had everything, I was lonely\cb1 \
\cb3 Now you're my everything, I was lonely\cb1 \
\cb3 I mixed a lot of love with a lot of drugs, then I found you\cb1 \
\cb3 She liked petty crimes, she had green eyes like Mountain Dew\cb1 \
\cb3 And where she go, I'll never know\cb1 \
\cb3 Her friends bounced too\cb1 \
\cb3 I guess it's their loss 'cause they'll never know what we'll amount to\cb1 \
\cb3 Would you be my light, be my yellow?\cb1 \
\cb3 P.Y.T walking down portobello\cb1 \
\cb3 Put a smile on this face at the end of the day\cb1 \
\cb3 MDMA helped us fly away\cb1 \
\cb3 Who'da known, who'da known you would save my life?\cb1 \
\cb3 Who'da known, who'da known you would fly my kite?\cb1 \
\cb3 Could you tell, could you tell?\cb1 \
\cb3 Could you tell?\cb1 \
\cb3 Could you tell where my head was at when you found me?\cb1 \
\cb3 Me and you went to hell and back just to find peace\cb1 \
\cb3 Man, I thought I had everything, I was lonely\cb1 \
\cb3 Now you're my everything, I was lonely\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah, yeah\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah\cb1 \
\cb3 I remember, I remember I was all alone\cb1 \
\cb3 Late night, you would call my phone\cb1 \
\cb3 Just to check if I was blessed 'cause you knew I was low\cb1 \
\cb3 Head gone rolling off the throne\cb1 \
\cb3 I remember, I remember we was in the park\cb1 \
\cb3 Late night, made love on the grass\cb1 \
\cb3 Got my head in the clouds, counting all my stars\cb1 \
\cb3 In my ears, said the world was ours\cb1 \
\cb3 Go to hell and back just to heal my wounds\cb1 \
\cb3 'Cause it gets like that, wrong side of the moon\cb1 \
\cb3 No tomb can't moon, you're my Cleopatra\cb1 \
\cb3 No side ting, don't need a backup\cb1 \
\cb3 Need a real one, don't need an actor\cb1 \
\cb3 And last one today, think you won a BAFTA\cb1 \
\cb3 Come and be my girl, yeah\cb1 \
\cb3 Could you tell where my head was at when you found me?\cb1 \
\cb3 Me and you went to hell and back just to find peace\cb1 \
\cb3 Man, I thought I had everything, I was lonely\cb1 \
\cb3 Now you're my everything, I was lonely\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah (just like we say)\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah (just like we say)\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah, yeah (just like we say, say, say)\cb1 \
\cb3 Yeah\cb1 \
}